Hello.
2 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (2525116672)
What do you.
3 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (2525116672)
Morning everyone, hopefully everyone.
4 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (2525116672)
Safe and well, again, my name is every Monday.
5 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (2525116672)
And that will be will be.
6 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (2525116672)
Teaching the lectures and, uh, nice to see.
7 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (2525116672)
Many of you again I was the team.
8 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (2525116672)
That's 1 for 1. that's.
9 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (2525116672)
Last dismiss, so.
10 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (2525116672)
Today we are going to cover lecture 2.
11 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (2525116672)
And also, we, we are going to, we're going to lecture, we are going to.
12 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (2525116672)
As we will, you will attend some quizzes some.
13 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (2525116672)
Short quizzes why we go to go to the lecture.
14 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (2525116672)
Okay, but it's not started yet. It's not started here.
15 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (2525116672)
So, when we reach that point, we are going to start it with and then we.
16 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (2525116672)
Stop and then we reach another point we will restart, uh, resume the quiz.
17 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (2525116672)
So, previously, in, during last week we covered, um, that's 1. we covered, uh, charge.
18 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (2525116672)
Columns, uh, we covered.
19 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (2525116672)
We saw that the waltz, the voltage.
20 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (2525116672)
The unit was is also can be.
21 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (2525116672)
Can also be, uh, represented as.
22 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (2525116672)
Energy charge or column, so these are the 2 units of both voltage and that we learned that, um.
23 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (2525116672)
The current is, but the current is also.
24 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (2525116672)
Hold on for a 2nd, Josh over time.
25 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (2525116672)
And we learned batteries, and also, last week we learned about batteries and, uh, the electron mechanical approach, such as generators.
26 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (2525116672)
And we learned all slot we, we, it was to, Ah.
27 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (2525116672)
Today we are going to cover.
28 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (2525116672)
Uh, energy and power the relationship between energy and power.
29 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (2525116672)
Which is power is energy over time.
30 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (2525116672)
W, is energy power is energy over time.
31 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (2525116672)
We are going to, uh, recover a series in series.
32 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (2525116672)
Adding voltage sources that resistance in series.
33 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (2525116672)
What will happen? Uh, cut jobs what.
34 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (2525116672)
We are going to learn voltage divider role and real voltage source.
35 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (2525116672)
So our is related to energy is in such a way that, uh, power is energy.
36 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (2525116672)
Over time, so power is the rate at which the energy is delivered.
37 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (2525116672)
Or used up and is measured in Jews per 2nd, so, W should not be confused with, uh.
38 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (2525116672)
In this case W, is energy.
39 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (2525116672)
And the unit is Joe's so power.
40 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (2525116672)
Is, uh, what what what but power can also be the unique can also be, uh, represented as for a 2nd energy over time.
41 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (2525116672)
So, since, uh, and it, a power is energy over time.
42 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (2525116672)
Therefore, energy is equals to power multiplied by time.
43 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (2525116672)
So, as an example, uh, if we have 10 works, so power is 10 works.
44 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (2525116672)
Applying it applying the power for 5 seconds. We get.
45 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (2525116672)
50 jobs of energy, so.
46 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (2525116672)
So this is the simple formula, which I expect you to remember that it's very short. Uh, it's very short. It's good. It's highly recommended to memorize.
47 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (2525116672)
And let's relate, uh, power, energy and resistance. Let's relay them.
48 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (2525116672)
So we know from last week that I will.
49 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (2525116672)
Yep, so we know from last week, uh, that, um.
50 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (2525116672)
Our voltage of course is both, but.
51 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (2525116672)
Both the, uh, voltage is, uh.
52 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (2525116672)
Energy energy is W over charge so.
53 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (2525116672)
What voltage.
54 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (2525116672)
Is, uh, energy per column.
55 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (2525116672)
And we also know from the previous slides in the previous slides that the power power is.
56 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (2525116672)
Energy over time, so if we.
57 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (2525116672)
The power is.
58 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (2525116672)
Energy over time.
59 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (2525116672)
So we know from last week's material, that energy.
60 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (2525116672)
Oh, voltage is energy.
61 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (2525116672)
Charge, so this is W, and this is W, so we can.
62 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (2525116672)
All right that power is.
63 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (2525116672)
Over time.
64 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (2525116672)
So this is the 1st, we are using, uh, the relationship.
65 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (2525116672)
To be between voltage energy and.
66 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (2525116672)
Charge and also I will.
67 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (2525116672)
Energy and time, and last week also we learned that, um.
68 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (2525116672)
Last week also, we learned that, uh.
69 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (2525116672)
A carton of course, it's but Karen is.
70 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (2525116672)
You over the column per 2nd.
71 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (2525116672)
Therefore, therefore.
72 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (2525116672)
This cue over here here.
73 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (2525116672)
And this is therefore.
74 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (2525116672)
Power from this village from derivation. The power is.
75 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (2525116672)
Iv, so power is also.
76 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (2525116672)
I V, so the power is.
77 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (2525116672)
Both multiply by, uh, current.
78 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (2525116672)
And last weeks we learned.
79 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (2525116672)
The old slow be equals to.
80 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (2525116672)
Last week we learned, uh, from home slot so we can now.
81 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (2525116672)
If we want to express it, we can also express the equals to.
82 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (2525116672)
But I, I, from the own slow.
83 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (2525116672)
This, uh, we overall.
84 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (2525116672)
So, therefore, here I is.
85 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (2525116672)
So, we can, so we over.
86 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (2525116672)
We can also be expressed as, uh, we square voltage Square.
87 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (2525116672)
But if you want to substitute, uh, B, because here, we, it's.
88 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (2525116672)
Equals to therefore.
89 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (2525116672)
Uh, can also be express.
90 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (2525116672)
Power can also be expressed by ice where, uh.
91 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (2525116672)
So, power is the eye. What.
92 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (2525116672)
Power is the square over.
93 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (2525116672)
And power is also I Square, depending on the situation, you can use, uh, relevant formulas, the relevant formulas.
94 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (2525116672)
Thanks so these are the, we, we just derived from last week's, uh, the materials step by step.
95 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (2525116672)
And we got vehicles to be.
96 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (2525116672)
It has to be squared over and it goes to ice Square is resistance resistance.
97 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (2525116672)
So, if that is.
98 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (2525116672)
Um, so let's see, power and energy.
99 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (2525116672)
Oh, so.
100 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (2525116672)
If, uh, kilowatt hour cost 25 cents.
101 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (2525116672)
In or in in any place in 25 cents.
102 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (2525116672)
How much does it cost to light up?
103 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (2525116672)
When the when do you what.
104 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (2525116672)
No power like 1 year.
105 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (2525116672)
So, remember, um.
106 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (2525116672)
So, 1 year is 300.
107 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (2525116672)
And 65 days, right? That's 365 days.
108 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (2525116672)
So.
109 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (2525116672)
In 1 day they are, there is 24 hours.
110 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (2525116672)
It is 24 hours, so.
111 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (2525116672)
In 1 year, so let's see the relationship. So we have.
112 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (2525116672)
Time 1st time is the number of.
113 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (2525116672)
Because the 1 year is considered time.
114 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (2525116672)
Uh, we have power power is B.
115 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (2525116672)
What is B right? Power is 21 is B time is.
116 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (2525116672)
1 year, so what is the relationship that we learned from last.
117 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (2525116672)
Previous slide. We, it goes to.
118 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (2525116672)
Uh, W, poverty where W is.
119 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (2525116672)
So so this means now you can see the relationship.
120 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (2525116672)
Okay and, uh, so let's.
121 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (2525116672)
Uh, click, uh, the, let's click the.
122 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (2525116672)
I think you use your template already. Um, uh, let's.
123 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (2525116672)
Start so this is in the lectures folder. Let's just folder and.
124 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (2525116672)
Because we are doing that too. And today is Wednesday.
125 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (2525116672)
So you can see, um, here and.
126 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (2525116672)
Since this is the 1st question, I.
127 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (2525116672)
I gave it 200 seconds plus maybe it takes time to look.
128 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (2525116672)
To load the program, so the 1st question.
129 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (2525116672)
It'll be will be longer will be 200 seconds.
130 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (2525116672)
So, I will call this, um.
131 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (2525116672)
What is the this release date is.
132 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (2525116672)
Uh, 24th.
133 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (2525116672)
24 April 2024.
134 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (2525116672)
So so let's start this session so this discussion, this session does not start yet.
135 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (2525116672)
Uh, because I didn't press the start with.
136 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (2525116672)
So, I think, um, everybody is ready.
137 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (2525116672)
Everybody is ready I think so I will start degrees and the 1st question.
138 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (2525116672)
You have 100 seconds so this is.
139 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (2525116672)
Um, so I get some time.
140 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (2525116672)
Cause you might need to come to load up, do not have the 1st for the 1st time for the 1st time.
141 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (2525116672)
So this is the, the question.
142 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (2525116672)
On the screen, and from your device, you can select the best.
143 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (2525116672)
The best answer and the correct answer. The correct.
144 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (2525116672)
Ah, 21.
145 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (2525116672)
This is the 1st, 1, not the 4th will be the next question. Let's see.
146 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (2525116672)
So, let me see the response.
147 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (2525116672)
So very good 45 students.
148 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (2525116672)
12:16:we still still deciding 14 is still deciding.
149 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (2525116672)
So, here, i46 students, uh, at times that.
150 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (2525116672)
This lecture, so I would like to give, um.
151 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (2525116672)
Recommendation for the attendance, so well, done this. That's good.
152 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (2525116672)
It's very good and, um, and so these are the choices and.
153 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (2525116672)
So so, let me see, um, um.
154 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (2525116672)
So, the 1st question, I have.
155 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (2525116672)
Many, um, and I hope I give you 1:2:seconds.
156 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (2525116672)
So this means, um.
157 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (2525116672)
25 students left, not attempting yet. Uh, huh.
158 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (2525116672)
For the 43 students have already attempted, so that's.
159 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (2525116672)
And that's a good. That's good. So I think I will.
160 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (2525116672)
I will just display the and.
161 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (2525116672)
So, this the answer is 175.
162 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (2525116672)
Fine 2 kilowatt hour.
163 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (2525116672)
You know what? So, just be careful with the kilo uh, what so here here because.
164 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (2525116672)
You know what so 265 days and they are.
165 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (2525116672)
24 hours in 1 day. So 175.2kilowatt no.
166 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (2525116672)
So, can I see the response.
167 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (2525116672)
So that's great. Um, majority.
168 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (2525116672)
Got it right? I mean, vast majority got it right? And.
169 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (2525116672)
Let me see the timer. How many seconds left.
170 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (2525116672)
9th, uh, it.
171 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (2525116672)
7, so we are going to see.
172 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (2525116672)
So 0 seconds.
173 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (2525116672)
So well done you already collected? No.
174 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (2525116672)
For your for your overall grades for your overall months.
175 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (2525116672)
So, then the next question is, uh, will you have 100 seconds but if I see that.
176 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (2525116672)
Uh, all of most of you have answered, so I can.
177 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (2525116672)
I can press press stop the civil.
178 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (2525116672)
For instance, last week we can go ahead for the next 1. so.
179 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (2525116672)
So, the cost is 175 because the question asked us how much does it cost.
180 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (2525116672)
To light up so now we know that's 175.2kilowatt hour and.
181 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (2525116672)
Uh, but the 1 kilowatt hour cost 25 cents. So I think that it's a bonus question for you.
182 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (2525116672)
Uh, so you just, uh, click.
183 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (2525116672)
The next question is find the.
184 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (2525116672)
The costs find the cross.
185 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (2525116672)
Find the cost, uh, in.
186 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (2525116672)
For for using 1 year for using.
187 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (2525116672)
21 low power, like continuously for 1 year.
188 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (2525116672)
So.
189 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (2525116672)
Think, um, can you, you got it.
190 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (2525116672)
In all of you got it got the right 1.
191 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (2525116672)
Yes.
192 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (2525116672)
It didn't participants online, so it's.
193 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (2525116672)
And here we have, um, so.
194 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (2525116672)
So, in total we have more than 40, which is very, very good.
195 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (2525116672)
Very good. So, let me see how many students left.
196 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (2525116672)
11 students, uh, still, uh, not attempting, not still thinking so, give it, um.
197 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (2525116672)
But we can also see at a time, or is it over.
198 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (2525116672)
Over already yes, I think it's over.
199 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (2525116672)
So, we can proceed to the, um.
200 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (2525116672)
To the next, uh, next slide.
201 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (2525116672)
So, 43.8dollars 3.8dollars.
202 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (2525116672)
So, let's, uh, let's do the next 3 questions.
203 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (2525116672)
So, a portable television uses.
204 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (2525116672)
Of both, uh, 3 empty hours we learned from last week, 3 and 3 hours battery.
205 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (2525116672)
Over a period of 5.5hours when the battery is empty.
206 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (2525116672)
So, what is the energy expanded by the battery during this period?
207 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (2525116672)
So, we have here, uh.
208 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (2525116672)
1st of all, what what is the average current.
209 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (2525116672)
Um, Ron, Ron, by.
210 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (2525116672)
But, uh, what's the average time drawn during this period?
211 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (2525116672)
Okay, so I just give some hints that costs.
212 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (2525116672)
Uh, battery life over time, right?
213 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (2525116672)
Because so, sorry for the this 1, uh, battery life is, uh, M, yeah, our.
214 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (2525116672)
Because this is like, MPR.
215 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (2525116672)
And time is so.
216 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (2525116672)
This will get us, which is our current, which is our current. So with that, uh, I will give you.
217 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (2525116672)
100 seconds to find what is the current? What is the time.
218 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (2525116672)
So, with this, uh.
219 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (2525116672)
So, I can see 9995% correct?
220 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (2525116672)
For every time, uh, every time there is a question so that's good. Be good for you.
221 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (2525116672)
Good for your productivity and so this is contribute towards your marks at the M.
222 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (2525116672)
At the end of the office.
223 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (2525116672)
I think, uh, let me see how many.
224 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (2525116672)
Many students so far, um, 7 more students still.
225 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (2525116672)
Still not attempting, I mean, we will, uh, just wait for 1.
226 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (2525116672)
5 more students, 5, most events, I think it's okay. Almost there. So I will reveal.
227 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (2525116672)
So, um, so it's 0.545Mbps.
228 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (2525116672)
So, the next 1 is the power.
229 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (2525116672)
What is the relationship because we have the current.
230 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (2525116672)
I don't however we want the power.
231 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (2525116672)
So, what is the best? What is the relationship between the IV? Sorry? This is our.
232 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (2525116672)
Hi, is, uh, is there.
233 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (2525116672)
We want B, we wanted to find 3 so what else we can find him.
234 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (2525116672)
Yeah, okay. So.
235 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (2525116672)
I so we know I know we know we.
236 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (2525116672)
So, let us find be.
237 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (2525116672)
And so, let me check, but, uh, we just finished.
238 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (2525116672)
So, it's finished and again regulation.
239 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (2525116672)
53 students got it right? And.
240 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (2525116672)
53 are off 56.
241 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (2525116672)
So B, equals to IV so power.
242 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (2525116672)
So, let's let's look at the next question.
243 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (2525116672)
Jim.
244 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (2525116672)
C.
245 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (2525116672)
Let's see the progress so far.
246 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (2525116672)
17 students still, um, 15 students.
247 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (2525116672)
12 out of 57, 57.
248 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (2525116672)
Does it check again?
249 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (2525116672)
When it tends to this less, you have to answer 9.
250 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (2525116672)
Students left. Okay. So I think, um.
251 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (2525116672)
Let's say ready. We are almost there, so it's okay.
252 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (2525116672)
65551.
253 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (2525116672)
So, we have now, um, uh, I.
254 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (2525116672)
We have we have the value of the.
255 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (2525116672)
So, we want the last part is to find the energy energy if.
256 "Dev" (353616896)
Yeah, yeah.
257 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (2525116672)
Is W, so what is the relationship that we can use to find the energy?
258 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (2525116672)
Okay.
259 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (2525116672)
All the time, so this.
260 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (2525116672)
That's so our time in power.
261 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (2525116672)
This energy over time.
262 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (2525116672)
Power is energy over time because, uh, we have power.
263 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (2525116672)
We have and we have.
264 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (2525116672)
Okay, so.
265 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (2525116672)
We have follow up.
266 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (2525116672)
We so.
267 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (2525116672)
Power is energy over time.
268 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (2525116672)
So, energy is.
269 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (2525116672)
Decline, so this is energy is power by by time.
270 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (2525116672)
And again, population 100% 100%. So the next.
271 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (2525116672)
We will have 100 seconds to answer the.
272 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (2525116672)
The next.
273 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (2525116672)
The next thing to keep question.
274 "Dev" (353616896)
Um, but, um.
275 "Dev" (353616896)
Oh.
276 "Dev" (353616896)
Right.
277 "Dev" (353616896)
Hold on.
278 "Dev" (353616896)
I don't know. So.
279 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (2525116672)
Think I'm quite straightforward. I believe still have.
280 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (2525116672)
This frequency, let me check.
281 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (2525116672)
So.
282 "Dev" (353616896)
Uh, very, uh.
283 "Dev" (353616896)
Possibly.
284 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (2525116672)
So, many more 23 students and.
285 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (2525116672)
And to 3 students still to get to select the answer.
286 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (2525116672)
Let's give a few more seconds.
287 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (2525116672)
When do you want this to this?
288 "Rana" (4267811072)
Hello sorry um, sorry, let me now.
289 "Rana" (4267811072)
I couldn't because we didn't turn out that was just lagging. And every time I entered me.
290 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (2525116672)
Okay, I think, uh, almost there. Okay, so I will we will.
291 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (2525116672)
So, uh, energy is power.
292 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (2525116672)
6.55multiplied by time it.
293 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (2525116672)
Because we use, uh.
294 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (2525116672)
Standard seconds 5.5hours.
295 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (2525116672)
Multiply.
296 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (2525116672)
3600, because.
297 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (2525116672)
The unit of time is.
298 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (2525116672)
10 seconds, 10 seconds the the time that you need.
299 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (2525116672)
So the energy is 1 to 960 jokes.
300 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (2525116672)
Very good. Very good.
301 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (2525116672)
So, another example is, we can.
302 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (2525116672)
If we have the CO resistance, if we have the resistance in both, and we have the current.
303 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (2525116672)
So we can see the power is, we can use ice square cause power is as clear. Now.
304 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (2525116672)
Okay, and it's 81 so if we have, uh, resistance and.
305 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (2525116672)
And power resistance is and the power is 20 megawatts.
306 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (2525116672)
So, we, we have resistance, we have power.
307 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (2525116672)
So, we can find the current.
308 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (2525116672)
Our is ice square up so if we know power.
309 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (2525116672)
We know resistance we can find the current.
310 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (2525116672)
It can be fun that it can be fun.
311 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (2525116672)
So well, then to to all, uh, uh.
312 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (2525116672)
Getting for, uh, doing the quiz and getting good marks correct marks and so the basic circuit on polarities.
313 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (2525116672)
For businesses for basics um.
314 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (2525116672)
What this is a electron.
315 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (2525116672)
It's moving from the negative, so we know back to the positive, but for engineers.
316 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (2525116672)
More than 100 years ago, when they.
317 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (2525116672)
They decide so, the current I is moving.
318 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (2525116672)
From the positive terminal, so that is for engineers for.
319 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (2525116672)
It's the electron is moving from negative, but we are engineers so we, we are going to use that. The current is moving from the positive part of the country.
320 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (2525116672)
So, when the common Fernando convention is.
321 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (2525116672)
When the current enters, uh, enters the system.
322 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (2525116672)
That part we have to become positive.
323 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (2525116672)
The entering of the current the current the point is.
324 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (2525116672)
Positive and then the current that exits exit the resistance, that part is negative.
325 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (2525116672)
A voltage SaaS energy drives the current electron flow around the.
326 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (2525116672)
The value of the resistance are determines how much current can flow.
327 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (2525116672)
So, the lower the resistance, the higher, the current, if the resistance is lower.
328 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (2525116672)
The carbon is higher, the higher the resistance there lower the current.
329 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (2525116672)
So, uh, this is the current.
330 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (2525116672)
And is sinusoidal alternating current.
331 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (2525116672)
So, in the language in in easy terms, uh, this is.
332 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (2525116672)
The voltage is constant is 5 votes.
333 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (2525116672)
What it is constant over time.
334 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (2525116672)
Is the voltage is not constant. It's, uh, operating.
335 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (2525116672)
So that is the main difference, uh, of the DC and.
336 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (2525116672)
But of course, there is, uh, average.
337 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (2525116672)
But it's, uh, alternating up down and up down.
338 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (2525116672)
So, in our hospital, in our household, in in your house, uh, we use, uh, AC.
339 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (2525116672)
But some like batteries, like, if you have a battery, it uses DC, mobile, phone, battery, or charger users, DC, DC type.
340 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (2525116672)
In our hopes the sockets from the sockets and oh, it's.
341 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (2525116672)
It's easy. So that's the, the main difference.
342 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (2525116672)
So, see these tickets so far when the.
343 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (2525116672)
A common type of multi resistance 2nd features serious connection as shown. So when we have a battery or a voltage sauce.
344 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (2525116672)
And then we have to resist this connector in this way. There are in series they are in cities. Yeah.
345 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (2525116672)
So, in order for them to be serious, the 2 elements are 1 and.
346 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (2525116672)
Connected at 1 point.
347 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (2525116672)
So, at 1 common point, the current to each 2nd element is the same.
348 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (2525116672)
So, if they are in series, the total current, total resistance is, are 1 or 2.
349 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (2525116672)
So, if they are in series, uh, we just add the, the, the individual resistance.
350 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (2525116672)
So do you agree so, this is in series this is serious. Let's say.
351 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (2525116672)
Because they are, uh.
352 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (2525116672)
Yeah, there there's nothing there's no anyone in between.
353 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (2525116672)
Uh, to no elements in between our 2 and 3.
354 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (2525116672)
Serious production, but here.
355 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (2525116672)
Yeah, I'm not in series. They are not in a series because.
356 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (2525116672)
In between and there is.
357 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (2525116672)
Uh, there is, uh.
358 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (2525116672)
Junction and another elements, so we cannot say the total resistance is our 1+2+4. We cannot seen it.
359 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (2525116672)
This is not in Series series. The condition for series is that.
360 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (2525116672)
There is no, uh, there is no, um.
361 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (2525116672)
Elements or junctions in between 1 and up to.
362 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (2525116672)
So, if we have this, so this is in series.
363 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (2525116672)
This is in serious because there's, there's no, uh, interference or element or junctions.
364 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (2525116672)
Uh, this is also in series because.
365 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (2525116672)
Let's see from here here.
366 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (2525116672)
There is no interruption or.
367 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (2525116672)
Elements in, in between the resistance in between the resistance. So if you want to add all the total resistance.
368 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (2525116672)
Uh, we add all of them.
369 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (2525116672)
Individually and to get a total resistance.
370 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (2525116672)
This can also be added all of them in the, uh, all the individual resistance can be added.
371 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (2525116672)
We got the resistance. Okay.
372 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (2525116672)
So so if we, if we measure.
373 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (2525116672)
Uh, the resistance using the, we will.
374 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (2525116672)
We will get if we put the leads here and the other lifts here, we will get.
375 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (2525116672)
Total resistance in series.
376 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (2525116672)
So, we have all of the resistance together to get that +30+100. You will get 140 bucks.
377 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (2525116672)
Okay, um, they are in serious, I think you agree with me, they are in series .
378 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (2525116672)
There are no interruptions this 1 and all of them back to the.
379 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (2525116672)
From the positive back to the negative. So if we have a point 4 volts.
380 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (2525116672)
By the way, um, pitch in this book, uh, they use.
381 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (2525116672)
Is the symbol for, like, uh, what is sauce.
382 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (2525116672)
So, what is post now.
383 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (2525116672)
What is called slow? I, it goes to.
384 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (2525116672)
So, we is 8.4votes, but.
385 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (2525116672)
I is because they are in series, you can add them altogether.
386 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (2525116672)
So, I is a.
387 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (2525116672)
Is 8.4books and device.
388 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (2525116672)
All of them, so all of them is 140. so this mean, the same.
389 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (2525116672)
Close to all of them and they are in series.
390 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (2525116672)
In you have the series in this.
391 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (2525116672)
This example, so if we want to.
392 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (2525116672)
Measure the voltage can I ask you? Also we want it you want equals.
393 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (2525116672)
Ah, very good.
394 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (2525116672)
Yes, uh, I are 1, but this I is the same.
395 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (2525116672)
But the, the eye is the same. So I, I call it, I guess.
396 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (2525116672)
Plus the, uh, so.
397 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (2525116672)
1 is is 0.06.
398 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (2525116672)
And and 1 is 10 booths and similarly.
399 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (2525116672)
2 is I s.
400 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (2525116672)
To.
401 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (2525116672)
And is the same I. S.
402 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (2525116672)
What do you fly.
403 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (2525116672)
So, you you can measure the voltage.
404 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (2525116672)
Um, across this is the 1, the voltage.
405 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (2525116672)
Cross resistant to and the voltage across resist the 3.
406 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (2525116672)
And you, if you act, uh, we want last week 2+3 3, you get.
407 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (2525116672)
8.4volts, which is.
408 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (2525116672)
Same as same as them.
409 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (2525116672)
Supply both things, so this like, uh, potential divider, it's like dividing the voltage.
410 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (2525116672)
Uh, we are 1, we will get.
411 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (2525116672)
From 8.4books are 1.
412 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (2525116672)
Cross the voltage is 0.6across. Resistor 2 voltage is 1.8.
413 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (2525116672)
And the most voltage 6 books is across, this is the 3. so this is like a voltage divider, potential divider.
414 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (2525116672)
So, if we, uh, from this point onwards, if we see a current.
415 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (2525116672)
In this direction, so the whole pitch, the resist the polarity.
416 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (2525116672)
The voltage cluster is this is.
417 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (2525116672)
Entering entering wins positive.
418 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (2525116672)
Can negative the carbon is from here.
419 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (2525116672)
Entering so positive.
420 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (2525116672)
And exiting is negative.
421 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (2525116672)
The current is in this direction so, and think there is the is positive.
422 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (2525116672)
And exiting is negative, so these are the.
423 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (2525116672)
Convention that we are going to use from now onwards.
424 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (2525116672)
So, let's see in here, so.
425 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (2525116672)
This is a battery of what it sauce and pass positive negative. So, by convention.
426 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (2525116672)
The current wave, uh, from the positive side.
427 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (2525116672)
Let me know, so, it rich.
428 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (2525116672)
Is resistance so we right here positive negative.
429 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (2525116672)
And we want, and then then the current will reach here. So we right here positive negatives.
430 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (2525116672)
And the current will reach here, so we right here positive.
431 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (2525116672)
Exiting is negative, so so that is how we determine the priority polarities or.
432 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (2525116672)
When the current is entering the resistance, we, we write positive.
433 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (2525116672)
You're not positive positive.
434 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (2525116672)
So, a 2nd is any combination of elements that will result.
435 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (2525116672)
In the continuous flow of charge through their configuration.
436 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (2525116672)
So, what we have is if we have, uh, 3 resistance in series.
437 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (2525116672)
The total resistance is.
438 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (2525116672)
So, if we look from from the left.
439 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (2525116672)
It's 140 s, because it's all in series so we add them.
440 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (2525116672)
Together as a whole, the resistance is $140.
441 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (2525116672)
So, if we measure.
442 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (2525116672)
Uh, voltage cross.
443 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (2525116672)
1, week before we do it work with the like this we want to measure across this is to work with the configuration.
444 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (2525116672)
And if you want to measure, you.
445 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (2525116672)
You can measure like this, that you can measure like this. So if you.
446 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (2525116672)
Reverse the, you can see the rate side here.
447 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (2525116672)
The black leads, but let's say you want to.
448 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (2525116672)
Do direct sleeves here and the blacklist here. So you will get -6 because.
449 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (2525116672)
Uh, it's the priority is.
450 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (2525116672)
Okay, so that's the voltage.
451 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (2525116672)
So the voltage can also be if you have 2 batteries.
452 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (2525116672)
It can be connected in series. 1.5battery 1.5volts.
453 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (2525116672)
So, in because they are in series.
454 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (2525116672)
Mathematically there are 3 roles.
455 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (2525116672)
Yeah, in series, voltage source or both can we added.
456 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (2525116672)
So, they, uh, become 3 volts. They become 3 books.
457 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (2525116672)
So, if we have, uh, 10 goals or 6 and 2 goes in series, so actually, they, uh, just as a whole is 18 votes.
458 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (2525116672)
So, but this, you have to be careful a little bit here.
459 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (2525116672)
The polarities, so here is the last.
460 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (2525116672)
So you write here not 29 here negative plus -3.
461 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (2525116672)
Here plus minus, so last.
462 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (2525116672)
For so overall .
463 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (2525116672)
-3+4.
464 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (2525116672)
.
465 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (2525116672)
Minus +4 is when you see it, right?
466 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (2525116672)
So, when you see a -8 books yes. Uh, overall you have to when you draw the battery.
467 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (2525116672)
So, you draw it as a negative and positive terminal to indicate that it is negative and you can write it moves.
468 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (2525116672)
Okay, but if you want to, it's not impossible, but if you still want to draw like this.
469 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (2525116672)
If you want the job, + and minus, so here you must mention -8 books.
470 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (2525116672)
But if you already know that is the overall is minus so you can just draw.
471 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (2525116672)
So .
472 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (2525116672)
It's, it's the .
473 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (2525116672)
Cause the terminal and you can right beside it. 8 books.
474 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (2525116672)
This indicates that it's 8 volts, but.
475 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (2525116672)
The priority is a negative plus, but if you draw that 3 s plus a minus, you must mention -8 books.
476 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (2525116672)
But, uh, this is more preferable.
477 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (2525116672)
Is this more preferable?
478 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (2525116672)
This is so.
479 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (2525116672)
Any questions so far yes.
480 "Rana" (4267811072)
Sir, I am trying the meeting because every time I entered it, it wouldn't enter. I just pull out.
481 "Rana" (4267811072)
So, I already I missed the quiz. How can I do it?
482 "Rana" (4267811072)
It got me up, so when I eventually and so when I eventually entered, I missed a lot of questions and it was even the whole quiz.
483 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (2525116672)
The.
484 "Rana" (4267811072)
Yeah, like I dunno.
485 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (2525116672)
Um, uh, are you.
486 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (2525116672)
So, I will take account of your name.
487 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (2525116672)
So, that you will be, uh, so I know the solution.
488 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (2525116672)
This 1.
489 "Rana" (4267811072)
No, not.
490 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (2525116672)
I just write, uh, the.
491 "Rana" (4267811072)
Yeah, yeah. Okay. So how can we do.
492 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (2525116672)
Going to be, uh, this lecture will be uploaded in.
493 "Rana" (4267811072)
Correct it's recording that. I know, but how can I do this? Well, those are the ones.
494 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (2525116672)
That I missed, so, uh, Chris.
495 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (2525116672)
You can do the next week cause I now know that you have a problem. So I will take your marks for next week.
496 "Rana" (4267811072)
It's.
497 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (2525116672)
Okay, so what is now.
498 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (2525116672)
And KB L which states that the sum of the potential rises and falls.
499 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (2525116672)
Okay, just around a closed loop within a 0, so let's look.
500 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (2525116672)
And this the jobs, what is now.
501 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (2525116672)
So this is a sucker so if we start from here.
502 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (2525116672)
Start from here it is key. Okay.
503 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (2525116672)
Key so, uh, let's do 1 new.
504 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (2525116672)
It is a so then we continue.
505 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (2525116672)
And then we encounter.
506 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (2525116672)
We encounter 1, so.
507 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (2525116672)
The 1 is is .
508 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (2525116672)
Well, let's say convention, we exit with .
509 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (2525116672)
So, we write here -1.
510 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (2525116672)
And then we continue and we exit.
511 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (2525116672)
Be to add the minus, so it's wireless. Uh.
512 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (2525116672)
And then after that, we cross back close the loop back to the origin.
513 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (2525116672)
Equals 00:00:So E.
514 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (2525116672)
.
515 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (2525116672)
Because when we exit EA, we encounter plus so it is.
516 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (2525116672)
Then we go to v1 when we exit, we want.
517 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (2525116672)
We encounter a minus a negative like, give me 1.
518 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (2525116672)
And then when we exit we to.
519 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (2525116672)
This site is minus so negative way to and back to the.
520 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (2525116672)
Back to the origin, it is equal to 0.
521 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (2525116672)
So this is, uh, the convention that we use when we use when we want to.
522 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (2525116672)
To apply the or a.
523 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (2525116672)
So you can, uh.
524 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (2525116672)
You can use this, or is up to your convenience. You can also use.
525 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (2525116672)
This, as long as it is consistent.
526 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (2525116672)
So, if you use this.
527 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (2525116672)
It's been it's.
528 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (2525116672)
Negative EA, last week 2 it goes to 0, but it's still the same. If you use.
529 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (2525116672)
Uh, in this direction, so in this direction, you will encounter negative exit.
530 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (2525116672)
Negative E. yeah.
531 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (2525116672)
When you exit this you encounter, plus we do.
532 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (2525116672)
Then we go up exit, add 1.
533 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (2525116672)
And back back to here, and if this.
534 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (2525116672)
0, so it's still still, uh, produce the same same results. Same results.
535 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (2525116672)
So, now we but it's, uh, it's.
536 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (2525116672)
To be safe site we like to start from this 1 and.
537 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (2525116672)
Go in that way to go in that way. So, in this case, um, if we start here.
538 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (2525116672)
Stop here we exited with.
539 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (2525116672)
Then here we exit the 1 with a.
540 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (2525116672)
Exit fee to miss the reminders it goes to 0 So here we can.
541 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (2525116672)
We arrange this question so, this, uh, or which is not specified that the break some of the potential rises.
542 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (2525116672)
And drops around a close path, or is equal to 0.
543 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (2525116672)
So is equal to 0 So an example.
544 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (2525116672)
If we have, uh, this arrangement.
545 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (2525116672)
This is 60 votes. This is 40 votes.
546 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (2525116672)
And this is, we don't notice, uh, we, what we know it is. Uh, we.
547 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (2525116672)
So we want to find.
548 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (2525116672)
We X, so we can use.
549 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (2525116672)
In kirchhoff's voltage law, the jobs.
550 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (2525116672)
Well, the snow, for example, in here, we can.
551 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (2525116672)
All right if we start from here.
552 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (2525116672)
Exit is 60+16.
553 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (2525116672)
And here, my guess.
554 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (2525116672)
-40, and then the exit is minus the.
555 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (2525116672)
And then going here, the exits is plus the.
556 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (2525116672)
Equals to 0, so we can rearrange this question to find.
557 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (2525116672)
The X.
558 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (2525116672)
In here, we can start anywhere. Let's see.
559 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (2525116672)
We let's say we go this way this time.
560 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (2525116672)
So, when we go this time, the exit here is for + +14.
561 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (2525116672)
Then we reach here are the exit.
562 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (2525116672)
+6, and then.
563 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (2525116672)
We go to here, the exit is -2 volts.
564 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (2525116672)
And then we go here.
565 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (2525116672)
The exits is.
566 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (2525116672)
Plus the X equal to 0.
567 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (2525116672)
Um, so this is the, um.
568 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (2525116672)
The different, um, and here is + and minus. Okay. Plus minus. So you can apply.
569 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (2525116672)
To get back, uh, you know, unknown voltage you can apply it to get, uh, not voltage.
570 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (2525116672)
Using L, no, no, it's possible.
571 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (2525116672)
Hi, uh, this left, uh, it is, uh, miss typo.
572 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (2525116672)
It's a typo actually, there should be a positive here.
573 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (2525116672)
And negative I will, I will update it.
574 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (2525116672)
Thank you for the is it positive and positive here and negative.
575 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (2525116672)
So maybe Mark examples can we can practice.
576 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (2525116672)
So, we depends on clockwise or anticlockwise we can.
577 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (2525116672)
Try it, uh, we can try it and let's let's before the break before we reach the 1 hour mark. Uh, let's do the.
578 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (2525116672)
Let's do the 1 more example of.
579 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (2525116672)
So so is negative.
580 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (2525116672)
Positive the, so, let's start, let's start from here and we go.
581 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (2525116672)
Um.
582 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (2525116672)
And, um.
583 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (2525116672)
I'm not saying that, um, um.
584 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (2525116672)
You must exit you must exit use the exit, or you use the positive based on your convenience.
585 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (2525116672)
If let's say you use this once and you say I.
586 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (2525116672)
To avoid confusion I like to use, uh.
587 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (2525116672)
The, so nevermind be consistent if you use the entry sign.
588 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (2525116672)
Uh, you use, uh, the entry side if you use the exit signs, you use the exit sites 1st at the end.
589 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (2525116672)
You will get the same answer based on your convenience.
590 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (2525116672)
Maybe I like to use the entry.
591 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (2525116672)
So, in this example, uh, use the.
592 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (2525116672)
So, start from here and I enter with last 54 books, but you must use.
593 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (2525116672)
And then it goes here, I am the at negative 15.
594 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (2525116672)
That I go here, I am with .
595 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (2525116672)
Cause I'm using entering the sign minus v2.
596 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (2525116672)
And then after that, I.
597 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (2525116672)
And count this, I enter with -18.
598 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (2525116672)
And then I go back to the original the original point, and this is equal to 0.
599 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (2525116672)
So, based on your convenience, if you want to use the actor use the.
600 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (2525116672)
Entering sign consistently if you want to use the.
601 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (2525116672)
Existing signed you use exiting signed for all cases.
602 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (2525116672)
And here you can see, 54-5018 is 21.
603 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (2525116672)
Minus B2, therefore is 21 books.
604 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (2525116672)
Veto is 21 votes. Okay.
605 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (2525116672)
So so the current is moving.
606 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (2525116672)
From the point of terminal, so I will I will.
607 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (2525116672)
Just this 1 by convention, we should use.
608 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (2525116672)
Uh, the engineers prevention, so the problem is.
609 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (2525116672)
Here, that's why the current is sure to be like this because it's from here.
610 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (2525116672)
It's from the positive. Okay. That's 1. and we do now we have found to be.
611 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (2525116672)
21 21.
612 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (2525116672)
So, what do you think is I, to.
613 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (2525116672)
So, I do is just the name because.
614 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (2525116672)
You can call I, or I do, but the current is the same because it's a series.
615 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (2525116672)
The current here is the same value, the same value, because it is a serious.
616 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (2525116672)
So, now, uh, I, too is.
617 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (2525116672)
Uh, I do is, um.
618 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (2525116672)
So we already know 21 votes.
619 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (2525116672)
And so I do.
620 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (2525116672)
I too, because here just going out on this is so I agree with you be.
621 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (2525116672)
Okay.
622 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (2525116672)
Voltage over resistance.
623 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (2525116672)
So, the voltage here would be 2.
624 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (2525116672)
Resistance is here, so I would like you to.
625 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (2525116672)
To select the next.
626 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (2525116672)
Um.
627 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (2525116672)
So, I would, I would, I would like you to select.
628 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (2525116672)
What is the high to.
629 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (2525116672)
What is the value in MTS and I believe you already told me that I, to.
630 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (2525116672)
Is P2 p0 R so.
631 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (2525116672)
I do is be overall so the voltage.
632 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (2525116672)
Here over the resistance here, so let's.
633 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (2525116672)
Let's go to the next question.
634 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (2525116672)
For the next 100 seconds.
635 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (2525116672)
Okay.
636 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (2525116672)
Very good. Hold on.
637 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (2525116672)
Both dates over resistance voltage.
638 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (2525116672)
The resistance, what is to owner resistance to.
639 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (2525116672)
What's this do over resistance to.
640 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (2525116672)
So, what is 2 is this 1 and resistance too? Is.
641 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (2525116672)
7 books, so so, 26.
642 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (2525116672)
26 students in written, still thinking.
643 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (2525116672)
Still thinking, and now I can see 21 students left 17.
644 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (2525116672)
And.
645 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (2525116672)
So, I will you do.
646 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (2525116672)
And I will disclose it so soon.
647 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (2525116672)
I was closed it, so, 21 votes.
648 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (2525116672)
Uh, divided by 7 votes. So now we know that I do is 3.
649 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (2525116672)
So, it doesn't because Series 3 everywhere 3:3:Mbps 3 Mbps everywhere.
650 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (2525116672)
So now we, we, we can find 1.
651 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (2525116672)
I wanna use it 1, slow voltage. What is.
652 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (2525116672)
1 is, you know, voltage is 18.
653 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (2525116672)
Divided by 3 divided by.
654 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (2525116672)
So, you because the 3.
655 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (2525116672)
Is always the same for the series so now is 6 points.
656 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (2525116672)
But not least before we go to the break for 5 minutes.
657 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (2525116672)
What is our 3? So we have found, um.
658 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (2525116672)
21 votes we have 4.
659 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (2525116672)
We have found 1 is 6 months now.
660 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (2525116672)
6 hours last, but not this.
661 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (2525116672)
What is you are going to use again? Right?
662 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (2525116672)
That's not game up 3 is voltage.
663 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (2525116672)
Over the same current is the voltage over the same.
664 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (2525116672)
So, I think I just clicked the next 1.
665 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (2525116672)
All 3 is the voltage over.
666 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (2525116672)
Divided by the column, 3 is the voltage divided by the thumb.
667 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (2525116672)
It's not.
668 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (2525116672)
Questions now.
669 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (2525116672)
Uh, I will deduct it from.
670 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (2525116672)
From the box, I mean, you will this box will not be counted. Okay. That's wrong question.
671 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (2525116672)
So, I will right here wrong question.
672 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (2525116672)
Good question Thank you for.
673 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (2525116672)
Long, so you in overall box.
674 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (2525116672)
And this will not be a counter. This will not be.
675 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (2525116672)
So, thank you for that. And, um, see you after 5 minutes. See you after 5 minutes.
676 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (2525116672)
Oh, Robin. Robin kajabi is it true?
677 "Rana" (4267811072)
Yeah.
678 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (2525116672)
I don't know. Yes, yes.
679 "Rana" (4267811072)
Your student number.
680 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (2525116672)
Hi, can you thank you.
681 "Rana" (4267811072)
Can you type in the chat? Yes, sure.
682 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (2525116672)
Okay, uh, the check. Okay.
683 "Rana" (4267811072)
Thank you 10 seconds.
684 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (2525116672)
Okay, so I will.
685 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (2525116672)
Take this into consideration.
686 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (2525116672)
Okay.
687 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (2525116672)
I.
688 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (2525116672)
Hmm.
689 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (2525116672)
This is not for them.
690 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (2525116672)
Hello.
691 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (2525116672)
692 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (2525116672)
Can you.
693 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (2525116672)
Thanks.
694 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (2525116672)
Yes, okay.
695 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (2525116672)
Let's look at the.
696 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (2525116672)
Huh.
697 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (2525116672)
Flexible.
698 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (2525116672)
Okay.
699 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (2525116672)
Funding.
700 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (2525116672)
Absolutely.
701 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (2525116672)
Hello.
702 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (2525116672)
Okay.
703 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (2525116672)
Awesome.
704 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (2525116672)
As long as.
705 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (2525116672)
For this meeting.
706 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (2525116672)
Fun.
707 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (2525116672)
Hello.
708 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (2525116672)
The.
709 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (2525116672)
Which is important, so.